## This is for Testing




Raw Data Set Variable Names	Tidy Dat Set Variable Names	Description
From "subject_xxxx" file	Subject_Id	ID # of the Subject Perfomring the experiment
From "activity_labels" file	Activity_Id	Activity Perfomed by the Subject
tBodyAcc-mean()-X	acclmtr_time_domain_body_signal_x_axis_mean	Meanof X axis values for  time domain signal from acclerometer
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y	acclmtr_time_domain_body_signal_y_axis_mean	Meanof Y axis values for  time domain signal from acclerometer
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z	acclmtr_time_domain_body_signal_z_axis_mean	Meanof Z axis values for  time domain signal from acclerometer
tBodyAcc-std()-X	acclmtr_time_domain_body_signal_x_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of the X axis for  time domain signal from acclerometer
tBodyAcc-std()-Y	acclmtr_time_domain_body_signal_y_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation  of the Y axis for  time domain signal from acclerometer
tBodyAcc-std()-Z	acclmtr_time_domain_body_signal_z_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation  of the Z axis for  time domain signal from acclerometer
tGravityAcc-mean()-X	acclmtr_time_domain_gravity_signal_x_axis_mean	Mean of X axis values for time domain  gravity signal from acclerometer
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y	acclmtr_time_domain_gravity_signal_y_axis_mean	Mean of Y axis values for   time domain gravity signal from acclerometer
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z	acclmtr_time_domain_gravity_signal_z_axis_mean	Mean of Z axis values for  time domain gravity signal from acclerometer
tGravityAcc-std()-X	acclmtr_time_domain_gravity_signal_x_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of X axis values for  gravity signal from acclerometer
tGravityAcc-std()-Y	acclmtr_time_domain_gravity_signal_y_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of Y axis values for  gravity signal from acclerometer
tGravityAcc-std()-Z	acclmtr_time_domain_gravity_signal_z_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of Y axis values for  gravity signal from acclerometer
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	acclmtr_time_domain_jerk_signal_x_axis_mean	Meanof X axis values for time domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	acclmtr_time_domain_jerk_signal_y_axis_mean	Meanof Y axis values for time domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	acclmtr_time_domain_jerk_signal_z_axis_mean	Meanof Z axis values for time domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X	acclmtr_time_domain_jerk_signal_x_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of X axis values for time domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	acclmtr_time_domain_jerk_signal_y_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of Y axis values for time domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	acclmtr_time_domain_jerk_signal_z_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of Z axis values for time domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
tBodyGyro-mean()-X	gyroscope_time_domain_body_signal_x_axis_mean	Meanof X axis values for  time domain signal from Gyroscope
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y	gyroscope_time_domain_body_signal_y_axis_mean	Meanof Y axis values for  time domain signal from  Gyroscope
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z	gyroscope_time_domain_body_signal_z_axis_mean	Meanof Z axis values for  time domain signal from a Gyroscope
tBodyGyro-std()-X	gyroscope_time_domain_body_signal_x_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of the X axis for  time domain signal from Gyroscope
tBodyGyro-std()-Y	gyroscope_time_domain_body_signal_y_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation  of the Y axis for  time domain signal from  Gyroscope
tBodyGyro-std()-Z	gyroscope_time_domain_body_signal_z_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation  of the Z axis for  time domain signal from  Gyroscope
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X	gyroscope_time_domain_jerk_signal_x_axis_mean	Meanof X axis values for time domain Jerk signal from Gyroscope
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y	gyroscope_time_domain_jerk_signal_y_axis_mean	Meanof Y axis values for time domain Jerk signal from Gyroscope
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z	gyroscope_time_domain_jerk_signal_z_axis_mean	Meanof Z axis values for time domain Jerk signal from Gyroscope
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X	gyroscope_time_domain_jerk_signal_x_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of X axis values for time domain Jerk signal from Gyroscope
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y	gyroscope_time_domain_jerk_signal_y_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of Y axis values for time domain Jerk signal from Gyroscope
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z	gyroscope_time_domain_jerk_signal_z_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of Z axis values for time domain Jerk signal from Gyroscope
tBodyAccMag-mean()	acclmtr_time_domain_body_signal_magnitude_mean	Mean of the Magnitude of time domain body signal from acclerometer
tBodyAccMag-std()	acclmtr_time_domain_body_signal_magnitude_stddev	Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of time domain body signal from acclerometer
tGravityAccMag-mean()	acclmtr_time_domain_gravity_signal_magnitude_mean	Mean of the Magnitude of time domain gravity signal from acclerometer
tGravityAccMag-std()	acclmtr_time_domain_gravity_signal_magnitude_stddev	Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of time domain gravity signal from acclerometer
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	acclmtr_time_domain_jerk_signal_magnitude_mean	Mean of the Magnitude of time domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()	acclmtr_time_domain_jerk_signal_magnitude_stddev	Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of time domain body signal from gyroscope
tBodyGyroMag-mean()	gyroscope_time_domain_body_signal_magnitude_mean	Mean of the Magnitude of time domain body signal from gyroscope
tBodyGyroMag-std()	gyroscope_time_domain_body_signal_magnitude_stddev	Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of time domain body signal from gyroscope
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	gyroscope_time_domain_jerk_signal_magnitude_mean	Mean of the Magnitude of time domain Jerk signal from gyroscope
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	gyroscope_time_domain_jerk_signal_magnitude_stddev	Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of time domain Jerk signal from gyroscope
fBodyAcc-mean()-X	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_body_signal_x_axis_mean	Meanof X axis values for  frequency domain signal from acclerometer
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_body_signal_y_axis_mean	Meanof Y axis values for  frequency domain signal from acclerometer
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_body_signal_z_axis_mean	Meanof Z axis values for  frequency domain signal from acclerometer
fBodyAcc-std()-X	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_body_signal_x_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation  of the X axis for  frequency domain body signal from acclerometer
fBodyAcc-std()-Y	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_body_signal_y_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation  of the Y axis for  frequency domain body signal from acclerometer
fBodyAcc-std()-Z	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_body_signal_z_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation  of the Z axis for  frequency domain body signal from acclerometer
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_jerk_signal_x_axis_mean	Meanof X axis values for frequency domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_jerk_signal_y_axis_mean	Meanof Y axis values for frequency domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_jerk_signal_z_axis_mean	Meanof Z axis values for frequency domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_jerk_signal_x_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of X axis values for time domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_jerk_signal_y_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of Y axis values for time domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_jerk_signal_z_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of Z axis values for time domain Jerk signal from acclerometer
fBodyGyro-mean()-X	gyroscope_frqncy_domain_body_signal_x_axis_mean	Meanof X axis values for frequency domain signal from Gyroscope
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y	gyroscope_frqncy_domain_body_signal_y_axis_mean	Meanof Y axis values for  frequency domain signal from  Gyroscope
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z	gyroscope_frqncy_domain_body_signal_z_axis_mean	Meanof Z axis values for   frequency domain signal from a Gyroscope
fBodyGyro-std()-X	gyroscope_frqncy_domain_body_signal_x_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation of the X axis for  frequency domain signal from Gyroscope
fBodyGyro-std()-Y	gyroscope_frqncy_domain_body_signal_y_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation  of the Y axis for   frequency domain signal from  Gyroscope
fBodyGyro-std()-Z	gyroscope_frqncy_domain_body_signal_z_axis_stddev	Standard Deviation  of the Z axis for   frequency domain signal from  Gyroscope
fBodyAccMag-mean()	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_body_signal_magnitude_mean	Mean of the magnitude of frequency domain body signal from acclerometer
fBodyAccMag-std()	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_body_signal_magnitude_stddev	Standard Deviation of the magnitude of frequencty domain body signal from acclerometer
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_jerk_signal_magnitude_mean	Mean of the magnitude of frequency domain Jerksignal from acclerometer
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()	acclmtr_frqncy_domain_jerk_signal_magnitude_stddev	Standard Deviation of the magnitude of frequencty domain gravity signal from acclerometer
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()	gyroscope_frqncy_domain_body_signal_magnitude_mean	Mean of the magnitude of frequency domain body signal from gyroscope
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()	gyroscope_frqncy_domain_body_signal_magnitude_stddev	Standard Deviation of the magnitude of frequencty domain body signal from gyroscope
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	gyroscope_frqncy_domain_jerk_signal_magnitude_mean	Mean of the magnitude of frequency domain Jerksignal from gyroscope
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	gyroscope_frqncy_domain_jerk_signal_magnitude_stddev	Standard Deviation of the magnitude of frequencty domain gravity signal from gyroscope
